added build info in readme (#277)
HedvigInsurance/android: README.markdown

$ ./gradlew app:downloadStrings
```
5. Build and install via Android Studio

## Build Types

> * Relese: `com.hedvig.app` Build for the customer on Play Store
> * Staging: `com.hedvig.test.app` Build for internal testing using Firestore
> * Develop: `com.hedvig.dev.app` Build for development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Release: `com.hedvig.app` Build for the customer on Play Store
* Staging: `com.hedvig.test.app` Build for internal testing using Firebase App Distribution
* Develop: `com.hedvig.dev.app` Build for development
```

Reviewer: It may also be worthwhile to mention which backend environments these target.
